Update ILA GUI docs (#356)
firesim/firesim: docs/Advanced-Usage/Debugging/Debugging-Hardware-Using-ILA.rst

Using the ILA at Runtime
------------------------

Prerequisite: Make sure that ports 8443, 3121 and 10201 are enabled in the firesim AWS security group.

In order to use the ILA, we must enable the GUI interface on our manager instance.

> In the past, AWS had a custon ``setup_gui.sh`` script. However, this was recently deprecated due to compatibility

Author: ```suggestion
In the past, AWS had a custom ``setup_gui.sh`` script. However, this was recently deprecated due to compatibility
```

issues with various packages. Therefore, AWS currently recommends using `NICE DVC <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dcv/latest/adminguide/what-is-dcv.html>`__ as a GUI client. You should `download a DVC client <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dcv/latest/userguide/client.html>`__, and then run the following commands on your FireSim manager instance:

::

  sudo yum -y groupinstall "GNOME Desktop"
  sudo yum -y install glx-utils
  sudo rpm --import https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/nice-dcv-publish/NICE-GPG-KEY
  wget https://d1uj6qtbmh3dt5.cloudfront.net/2019.0/Servers/nice-dcv-2019.0-7318-el7.tgz
  tar xvf nice-dcv-2019.0-7318-el7.tgz
  cd nice-dcv-2019.0-7318-el7
  sudo yum -y install nice-dcv-server-2019.0.7318-1.el7.x86_64.rpm
  sudo yum -y install nice-xdcv-2019.0.224-1.el7.x86_64.rpm
  sudo systemctl enable dcvserver
  sudo systemctl start dcvserver
  sudo passwd centos
  sudo systemctl stop firewalld
  dcv create-session --type virtual --user centos centos

> These commands will setup linux desktop pre-requisites, install the NICE DVC server, setup the password as ``centos``, disable firewalld,

Reviewer: The `passwd` command is setting a password for the `centos` user, not the password to `centos`.  The user will be prompted for a passphrase.

Minor nit: Capitalize "Linux".

> These commands will setup linux desktop pre-requisites, install the NICE DVC server, setup the password as ``centos``, disable firewalld,

Author: ```suggestion
These commands will setup Linux desktop pre-requisites, install the NICE DVC server, ask you to setup the password to the ``centos`` user, disable firewalld,
```
